[MUSIC - "PACHELBEL'S CANON"]
>> Is it possible to hack
the afterlife for answers
to our deepest
questions about life?
There are three methods
in this documentary--
hypnotherapy, mediumship,
and asking questions
of those who've had a
near-death experience.
Having filmed 100 people
talking about the afterlife,
with or without hypnosis,
the results are the same.
"Hacking the Afterlife."
>> The show will
begin in 30 seconds.
[TRUMPETING]
>> Welcome to the
Past Lives Pavilion.
>> Ah.
>> Oh my god.
>> In a moment, you will be
asked to place your right hand
on the plate next to you.
An image of yourself in a
former life will soon appear.
Since we want to be fair
and accommodate everyone,
you will be limited to
five past lives only.
Thank you.
>> What the hell is this?
>> Elizabeth, time
for supper, darling.
>> Be there in a moment, mumsie.
>> What the hell's
going on here?
>> Yeaaaah.
>> [SCREAMS].
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH].
[ROARING]
>> Come on then.
To the castle.
[NEIGHING]
It's incredible.
>> Who were you?
>> I'm Prince valiant.
>> Really.
>> Yeah.
Who are you?
>> Dinner.
>> Part One--
Hacking the Afterlife
with Hypnotherapy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Follow along with this one,
if you will please, panel.
I, Virginia Tighe, Underwent
a unique experiment
some 15 years ago.
While in a hypnotic trance,
I recreated intimate details
of the life of a young
girl who was born in County
Cork, Ireland, in 1798.
Fantastic as it may seem, I felt
that I had lived another life.
I remembered my family in
Ireland, the school I attended,
the specific grocery
store where I traded,
and the prayer I used
to recite before meals.
I even was able to draw
an accurate map of where
I lived 150 years ago.
And when I talked, I spoke
with a genuine Irish brogue
using old-fashioned words
no longer common today.
When my experiences were
written up in newspapers,
there erupted a
storm of controversy.
People called the story a hoax.
So an interested
newspaper reporter
decided to go to Ireland
and check it out.
He astounded the world by
finding concrete evidence that
corroborated dozens
of details that I
had outlined in my trance.
You may remember my other name--
Bridey Murphy.
>> 18-something.
1806.
>> 1806.
>> The people who come
to our Institute to learn
the techniques that we have
to teach with regard to life
between lives under deep
hypnosis are looking to gain
a new insight as to the
purpose of our existence here.
Who am I?
Where do I come from?
Why am I here?
Where am I going?
These age-old questions are
now being answered, I think,
in many ways through
the kind of hypnosis
that we use to reach
into the inner mind.
>> And mind's made up, so
let's find out who it is.
Which one in truth
is Virginia Tighe?
Will the real Virginia
Tighe please stand up.
>> I got her.
[APPLAUSE]
>> People were very
interested in this.
And they knew that
hypnosis had been used.
And I would get calls, well,
since you practice hypnosis,
may I come to you for
a past life regression.
And in the '50s, I simply told
them, no, I'm very traditional.
I'm not involved with that kind
of new age sort of thinking.
I was very naive then really.
>> In a body in another
life, so here we go.
Number one, number
one, be there now.
Move out of the tunnel
and be there now.
>> Um-hmm.
Here I am.
I'm some place in Europe.
Seems like London.
>> Is it day time or night time?
>> It's daytime.
And I have on--
you know the hat?
Like a black hat--
a big black hat and black
suit like Snidely Whiplash.
And it's like I'm moving
along the London streets.
I'm slinking around the
London streets like a cat.
>> You're shielding it with
your arms under your garments?
>> I'm holding it.
Yeah, I'm kind of
pushing it into my jacket
so nobody will see it.
>> Back in 1980, Dr. Brian Weiss
was using hypnotherapy with
a patient named Catherine
to discover the roots of her
paralyzing phobias.
In his book "Many
Lives, Many Masters,"
he writes that during
one of their sessions,
Catherine regressed back to
a time before she was born.
>> She said, I don't
know what this is,
but I could already
see it was intense.
It was cathartic.
It was emotional.
And I didn't know why--
>> Because when
you're hypnotized,
you remember everything
you're saying.
>> Yes.
Yeah, It's not something
that you forget.
You remember it.
And--
>> So she probably couldn't
believe it herself.
>> For her, it was
easier than for me--
>> To believe it.
>> --because it was so--
yeah, to believe it--
it was so intense for her.
She was experiencing
it with emotions,
and visually, and
sounds, and other
senses that it became
easier over the weeks that
followed for her to
change her worldview.
But for me, I needed
more because I
was such a skeptic, so
left brain, so academic.
And I started already explaining
it away like, oh, maybe she
saw movies, or read
about this, or maybe it's
the collective unconscious
that the psychoanalyst Carl
Jung wrote about or
something else going on.
But when she came
back in the next week,
her symptoms were disappearing.
>> Using repetition is
great for inducing hypnosis.
So anything pet statements
or part of your induction,
it's OK to emphasize
and repeat it
over and over two or
three times and then
bring it up again later.
>> Can you describe the scene
for me and tell me about
the environment you
find yourself in?
>> Where I popped into was
me standing on a stage.
It's like the Hollywood Bowl.
And I'm looking out at the
vast seating that's there.
So if you can picture and
imagine the Hollywood Bowl
where we would normally
be in the audience looking
at the stage watching an artist,
it's actually reversed for me.
I'm actually the
artist looking out.
And in the first
several sections
are all of my spirit
guides, guardian angels,
those part of my life.
And then in the
audience behind that
are just people that
are interested in me
and listening to
what I have to say.
You know, like the bowl,
it's got a semicircle.
>> Right.
Is there something
in particular,
some issue being discussed?
What's that all about?
>> I'm actually presenting what
my next life is going to be,
much like you would do if
you were defending a doctoral
thesis.
And all the
professors are there.
And they're asking you questions
like "Why'd you choose this?
What's the purpose?
What kind of
studying did you do?
What were the tests?"
You know, those types
of inquiry questions.
And I'm busy answering
those questions
about why I chose
this particular body
in this lifetime,
and my parents,
and what I'm going to be doing.
>> Interesting.
So while you're discussing
this life to come,
how do you feel about it?
Are you eager to
get started or doe
you have some reluctance,
or even trepidation,
or perhaps you have
mixed feelings?
>> No, none of that.
Very confident, feel
very comfortable.
I've done my research.
I've done my studying.
I know exactly what I
want and what this life
is going to do for me.
And so all the
questions I'm handling
with ease, and with comfort,
and eloquent in my responses
and details when I need to be.
>> So in a few
moments at my count,
we're going to move backward
in time to your most recent
previous lifetime or to
some other past lifetime,
incarnation, that's of most
value for us to explore now.
Already shifting.
Just choose one, day
time or night time.
>> It's day time.
>> Day time.
>> Are you inside or outside?
>> I'm outside.
>> Outside.
>> Standing on the street.
>> On the street.
And I'm a girl.
>> Oh, OK.
And about what's your age?
What's the number that
pops into your head
as you stand on
the street there?
>> Nine or 10.
>> Oh, so you're a young girl.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK.
And what's the year?
When you're standing
here in this--
>> 19-- 1943.
>> '43.
[TRUMPETING MUSIC]
>> Germany occupies Copenhagen.
Hitler's troops disembarking
from transports in the harbor
carry out the Fuhrer's latest
act of aggression-- the invasion
of peaceful and innocent
Denmark.
The Nazis, who are pleased
to describe themselves
as protectors, succeeded
in carrying out
this plan of General
Keitel's like clockwork.
The whole country was in
their hands within 24 hours.
>> All right.
All right, then, this
is what I want to do.
Without pain or
discomfort, I want
us to move to the very last
day of your life as Helga.
You'll not yet
have crossed over.
You don't have to feel
any pain or discomfort.
You can rise above the scene
or situation, just to observe.
But I want it to be the very
last day of your life as Helga.
So on the count of
three, you'll be there.
1, 2, and 3.
>> I'm outside.
>> Outside.
And so how old are
you on this day?
>> 10.
>> All right, then.
>> I'm standing.
>> Standing.
What happens to cause
your life to end?
>> It was like I'm in a
camp, a concentration camp.
>> Oh, OK.
So how long have you
been in the camp?
>> Not very long.
>> Let's move forward to
the moment after death.
So where are you in
relation to your body now?
Are you above it
or off to the side?
>> I'm floating above it.
>> Floating above it.
OK.
Could I ask you a few questions?
>> Sure.
>> OK.
So what happened?
How did you die?
>> I was shot.
>> Shot.
OK.
How do feel about
leaving that life?
>> Yeah, it's kind
of-- it's sad.
>> Yeah.
>> So brief, so short.
Do you know the name of
this place, this camp where
you ended your life?
>> Dachau.
>> OK.
>> Dachau, factory of horrors.
Mere mention one of the oldest
of the Nazi prison camps.
It is known that from
1941-1944, up to 30,000 people
were entombed here at one time.
And 30,000 were present.
>> There's just so many bodies.
>> Hmm.
>> There's a lot of bodies.
>> Yeah.
>> It's very hard to move.
>> It's very hard to move?
>> Um-hmm.
>> Hmm.
OK.
>> Hypnotherapy and
Parkinson's, my colleague,
a successful screenwriter, has
Parkinson's and volunteered
to see if she could learn about
the source of her affliction
via hypnotherapy.
She was teaching a class at
USC film school when we met.
>> I'm very nervous
because I feel like I--
>> Do me a favor.
Before you say that
again would you just
ask that question
once more, Scott?
>> I forgot what
the question was.
>> What do you want?
Or just repeat that-- what
am I looking for today?
>> What are you looking for
in this experience here.
>> Is this the mic over here?
>> Yeah.
>> I should just leave it.
Do you want me to wear it?
>> Just leave it is fine.
>> OK.
I'm looking for answers, because
I feel like I know I know
the answers already, but I feel
like I feel sort of ambushed
off my path, you know,
with this Parkinson's.
And it's like it's kicked
me out of being human.
And I don't feel human.
And I want to get
back to feeling
like I know what I'm doing.
>> Closed now.
Eyes closed.
Relaxing, releasing.
Letting go.
Beautiful.
I've got some questions.
And a lot have to do
with this condition
that she's been afflicted with.
David, would you address
these questions for us?
>> Yes.
>> She wants to know
am I on my path?
>> She's on her
path in many ways.
She has spiritual resources
she doesn't even know she has.
She's not tapped into them yet.
>> How can she do that?
>> By filling her heart with
compassion for herself mainly.
Forgive herself for things
that she's done in the past.
She doesn't have to
live in secret anymore.
She can be out loud and bold
and push past smallness.
That's why we presented her
with this challenge of getting
small, this condition.
>> Tell me more.
>> She needs to push past
it by tuning in spiritually
and realizing who she is.
>> I feel like I'm
being pulled away--
>> Yeah.
>> --off to the right.
>> As you're being pulled
away off to the right there.
>> I don't see any people.
It's like I'm flying
over the city.
>> Hmm.
Great.
So you can kind of look and
see the earth below you?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Yeah.
>> And I see a place with like
white pillars or something.
And like a very, very blue sky
up against the white pillars.
And there's a like a name.
>> Oh, good.
Tell me the name.
>> It's something like "Longda."
>> How does he
communicate to you?
>> Just welcome, like coming
back, like welcome back,
or welcome back.
>> Welcome back.
How do you feel about
this soul's performance
in a lifetime as Helga, Longda?
What about Helga?
>> Helga dark, dark.
>> Helga was dark?
>> The whole--
>> The whole life time?
>> Life dark.
>> Yeah.
So why did Randol
choose the lifetime
as Helga, this short, dark life?
>> To see the darkness.
>> To see in darkness?
What's the value in
seeing the darkness
for a soul like Randol?
>> There's so much light,
you forget the dark.
>> What's the purpose in
having challenges such as this?
How does this help us develop?
>> Patience and understanding.
It's to learn-- it's
about trust and patience.
>> Can we take him to a place
to cleanse him of this darkness
and the doubt?
>> The soul--
>> The river.
>> The soul river.
>> Let's go there.
So do you like jump in
or do you sit there?
>> We will walk in together.
>> Who are you with?
>> The elders.
>> Very good.
>> The water is to forget.
>> OK.
>> The water is to wash clean.
>> Is someone speaking to you?
>> No, I'm just--
I am aware that burned my soul.
That time burned my soul.
>> OK.
>> And I never knew the
darkness could be so dark.
>> Can this condition
be reversed--
arrested or reversed?
>> Yes.
She's got to look at this
as a spiritual crisis,
not as a physical
crisis, and not
be apologetic for what she
does, or what she says,
or how she moves--
how she moves in the world.
>> So what precipitated
this illness in her?
>> Secretiveness.
>> So tell us once more how
can she heal and overcome this
condition?
>> She needs to
reconnect to the light,
to everything that's light, and
everything that's good about
her and strong about her.
>> Why is it that Howard's been
brought to this session today?
What is it that he really needs
to get from this experience?
>> This was part of the
plan that you created.
No one wrote this for you.
You wrote it for yourself.
It reminds me of when
I came into this body.
It's that "wow,"
[LAUGHS] the knowing.
This is the flow
of energy endless.
This is where you
came from to know.
>> To know where you came from?
>> Yeah, in this
life and all that.
>> Number four, back into the
body gracefully now, gently.
Now when you're ready,
number five, number five,
eyes open now.
Back in the here and now.
>> That was fun.
That was like a wild ride.
That was really fun.
>> My friend opted to do brain
surgery recommended by her
doctors for her Parkinson's.
It helped end her
shaking, but robbed her
of her ability to speak.
She's in rehab trying
to gain her voice back.
>> And what I found interesting
and what captured me was that
over thousands of cases was a
consistency of the reporting.
It didn't matter whether a
client came to me with a,
you know, deep, religious belief
system or a lack of belief
in anything or any philosophical
persuasion in between.
Once we had them
in deep hypnosis,
they all told me
the same things.
>> In they REM
state of hypnosis,
you will hear every
sound around you.
And it will sound louder
than it usually does.
This is a state of
being stoned where
auditory stuff is more vivid.
So you'll say, I
can't be hypnotized
because I'm hearing
everything very acutely.
That doesn't mean
you're not hypnotized.
It means you're in a REM state.
Also you may feel that
your eyelids feel scratchy
and you want to open your eyes.
You'll say, I'm not hypnotized.
I want to open my eyes.
Well you're in
rapid eye movement
and that makes your
eyelids feel scratchy.
That's why you want
to open your eyes.
So if your eyelids do
feel scratchy, just say,
oh, that's rapid eye movement.
Open your eyes for a moment
and close them again.
The other thing is do not
take this too seriously.
If you say to yourself
I'm going to wait
until a true answer about
my real past life comes in,
I'm not going to take this thing
whatever my head's making up,
you're in trouble,
because as far as I know,
there is no true past life,
I mean, in that sense.
I'm going to ask questions.
And a answer will
pop into your mind.
And you just go with
the answer, that's all.
It's coming from
your right brain.
Now your left brain will say--
I'll say, look at
your feet, what
are you wearing on your feet?
And your left brain is going to
see, well, boots will flash in.
And you left brain said
they were boots in the 1500s
or was that's the 1600s?
Maybe I better change
it and make it slippers.
And this is your
left brain censoring
and trying to make it
correct historically.
And this, of course, is a mess
because what we're trying to do
is just get these flashes
from the right brain.
So your left brain will go along
on the trip and let it observe.
And it can comment and
say, oh, stupid you.
You always think this.
Or it's going to
say you made it up.
You can't write this down
because you just made it up.
And am I hypnotized?
I'm not hypnotized.
I can hear that person
snoring next to me.
Why doesn't that
person stop snoring?
All these things are going
to go on in your mind.
That's all right, because
we need your left brain
there to remember it.
But it's the right
brain kind of flashing
that will begin to happen.
And after this
first trip, you'll
begin to recognize whether your
answer is coming immediately
in the form of an impression
or whether it's something
you're thinking out logically.
So those are the instructions.
Do not take it seriously.
We are playing at this.
Do not be worried about
rapid eye movement or eyes
feeling scratchy.
And it's perfectly all right to
shift and change your posture.
You do not need to
lie on your back
if it makes you uncomfortable.
You can turn if your
back starts hurting you.
You're not going to lose
god if you breathe out
of the wrong nostril.
OK?
>> We get flashbacks that break
through that amnesiac block
in different ways
with different people.
I'm talking, now,
about folks who
have had no LBL experiences.
They're just ordinary people.
They don't even maybe
know about our work.
OK.
Suddenly they're in a classroom
in their dreams or in a flash
and they can't figure out--
that's a strange image.
Where's that coming from?
>> Part Two-- Hacking the
Afterlife through Mediumship.
After Michael Newton passed
away, he stopped by to chat
with medium Jennifer Shaffer.
We are in a noisy restaurant.
I had not brought a camera,
so I had to use a cell phone.
So our question to
Michael was you just
showed up spontaneously at
our lunch in Manhattan Beach.
You're taking notes on
how to make it easier
to communicate from over there
to here or from over here
to there?
>> From where I am.
If you're taking
notes from there
as to be able to communicate
better to people over there.
>> All right, very good.
Michael, let me ask you,
why did you show up today?
Did you show up to tell us that?
>> It's like noetic science,
but from the other side.
>> OK, noetic science
on the other side.
All right, very good.
>> Everybody can
speak to other side.
>> OK.
>> And that no one does not not
have the capabilities to do so.
>> Excellent.
All right.
That's very good.
I will quote-- can I quote you?
>> And that everyone
should start.
They should start
bringing them in closer.
He showed me like both the
dimensions-- of this gazillion.
He showed me like both
the dimensions of it
being like at a dinner
table where people
are translucent to each other.
>> Very good.
>> But he wanted to
mention the other,
but yet you still have the
energies to call people in.
>> I asked if he had a
formula to help people speak
to their loved ones
no longer here.
Michael said, say their name,
ask them a question I asked,
but how do we know
the answers are real?
He said when you get
a reply before you
can ask the question, you'll
know you have a connection.
Luana Anders in "Dementia 13"
directed by her friend Francis
Ford Coppola.
>> John, that will is no good.
Your mother is still alive.
We can talk her
into changing it.
>> We met in film school at USC.
A writing instructor assigned
us the same screenplay
to breakdown.
We were together for
20 years after meeting.
>> You're rowing too hard.
Let me row.
>> You're concerned
about me, Louise.
Is it my heart?
>> Luana was in over 30 feature
films and 300 TV episodes.
She began conducting a
class from the "Flipside"
to help those over
there communicate
via Jennifer Shaffer.
>> John.
John!
>> Awake!
>> One of her most iconic
roles is playing the girlfriend
of Peter Fonda in "Easy Rider."
Ironically, her first
boyfriend was Dennis Hopper.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was with Luana when she
passed and started hearing
from her via dreams and
visitations starting the day
before she passed.
As noted in "Flipside,"
after she passed in 1996,
she started showing
up in dreams, visions,
and to members of my family.
I figured, if she can come here,
then why can't I visit her?
Her frequent visits to
me from the flipside
became the basis for the
book and the film "Flipside--
A Tourist's Guide on How
to Navigate the Afterlife."
[APPLAUSE]
>> And the Oscar goes to Jack's
Nicholson in "As Good As It
Gets."
[APPLAUSE]
>> Jack Nicholson has been
nominated for 11 Academy
Awards.
This is his third win.
>> And I'd like to thank--
I'd like to thank everybody here
tonight for looking so good.
[LAUGHTER]
I'd like to dedicate this to
Miles Davis, Robert Mitchum,
Shorty Smith, Joe Vitrano,
Ray Cramer, Rupert Crosse, JT
Walsh, and Luana Anders.
They're not here anymore,
but they're in my heart.
And I thank you very much.
>> The other night
just by chance,
I happened to catch a
psychic medium on television,
John Edwards.
And he took a phone call.
And a woman said can you
be in touch with my mother?
And he looked down.
And he concentrated
for a while and he
said, did she die of
congestive heart failure?
And the phone caller
said, yes, she did.
He thought again
for a long moment.
And he said toward
the end of her life,
did you give her a
small Christmas tree?
And the woman, again,
said, yes, yes.
And then she told the story
of why she gave her mother
the small Christmas tree.
Now people looking at
this could think, well,
that must be proof that
there is life after death.
And then other people could
look at that same thing
and say this is a scam.
It's impossible.
It's a trick.
It's an arranged phone call.
It's something other than
what it appears to be.
I have friends that are
shocked that I haven't made up
my mind on what I
believe, that I am still
open to the possibility
that there is a possibility
that we are dealing with
some communication here.
We are the only species who know
that our time as human beings
will come to an end.
And this impacts
on our lives more
than we probably
realize that it does.
So tonight, for the
third time on this show,
the most celebrated
psychic medium in America,
James Van Praagh--
Hi, James, nice
to see you again.
>> Hi, Charles.
Good to see you again.
>> Thank you.
And we're going to
chat a little while.
And we have an
audience here tonight.
And we will take a phone
call for James Van Praagh.
>> Richard from Los
Angeles, go ahead please.
>> Hi, James.
You're amazing.
>> Thank you, Richard.
>> But much better
than a sitcom.
I'm calling about my friend
Luana who passed away
a couple of years ago.
>> Luano, this is a male?
>> Luana-- L-U-A-N-A.
>> Luana, Luana.
OK.
Hold on.
Well first of all, let me say,
what I'm picking up is you.
I'm tuning in to
you very strong.
And you have a lot of
creative energy yourself.
And you're a person who
does several things at once.
Now hold on.
Was this girl ever talk
to you about your career?
>> Oh sure.
>> Because she laughs a lot.
And she has a great
sense of humor.
And I would know
her by her laughter,
like a certain way of
laughing with this woman.
All right?
And she's talking to
me about your career.
And she's laughing with me here.
She's saying you
change all the time.
You know?
This thing and then you're one
thing and then another thing.
And she said he could
never make up his mind.
[LAUGHING]
>> That's great.
Well, it's true.
>> You understand?
And said you need
to get yourself
your feet on the floor.
You need to get to-- you need
to get yourself grounded,
and steady, and focused.
And she said she tried to focus
with you, tried getting focus.
Now did she have trouble
with her weight before--
when she was alive at all?
>> No, not really so much
her weight, but she was thin.
>> She was thin.
I feel like she was over
concerned about that
or she was-- she thought
about that a lot.
OK?
Was also-- she's talking to me
also about going on a trip or--
I don't know what this means.
With you going away on a
trip and talking about this.
>> OK.
>> OK?
>> I just recently
came back from Europe.
So--
>> OK.
>> Is that what
she's talking about?
>> Well, she said she
went on a trip with you.
So this is what she said to me.
And that's exactly
how she said it.
I don't know if she meant that.
She said I went
on a trip with him
and she had a good
time, a good time.
She likes to dance.
>> Does she?
>> Yes, she does.
And she talks about
dancing here with you.
>> Oh, great.
>> She's also talking
to me about you--
stop having to worry--
worrying about your hair.
And she said he's been
worrying about his hair lately.
>> Huh.
>> OK.
Do you understand that?
>> It's just getting grayer.
>> OK, but she said he was
worried about it and he wanted
to do something with his hair
and changed it in some way
recently.
>> Do you understand that?
>> Yes, I do.
>> OK.
And she's giggling about this.
She said you're
going to change that.
Now, there are some
great photographs of--
everyone has
photographs-- but she's
telling me that you were
very concerned about having
a particular photograph after
she died of you together.
>> OK.
Yes.
>> And it gets very
emotional with her.
I also want to ask you,
did you put this photograph
on a refrigerator or was
there one on the refrigerator?
>> Absolutely.
>> Thank you, because she gets
very emotional when she talks
about that.
And she said she loves that.
She loves that picture.
And it almost describes
the two of you together,
your relationship, your
friendship, all right?
>> Hmm.
>> One more thing--
she's talking about
a collection of-- it
sounds weird-- either shot
glasses, or drinking glasses,
or mugs.
>> Martini glasses.
Do you collect these?
>> Yes, I do.
>> OK.
And she's talking about that
and she's laughing her head off.
>> [LAUGHING]
>> Can she say,
James, how she passed?
>> She's telling me that this
happened very quickly with her
passing.
And I don't know, but she
said it happened very fast.
It's funny, but she
said, I want to think
of the good times, not the bad.
>> Hmm.
>> OK.
>> So I don't know, but
she's saying it was--
she's going on about it
wasn't good, it wasn't good,
it wasn't good.
>> How is she?
Where is she?
>> Hold on.
Let me just keep on getting
more information for you,
because I want--
was she killed at all?
>> No.
>> She wasn't killed.
But I feel like for some reason
she dies and she's surprised.
Isn't that weird.
I get that she's surprised.
Hold on.
OK.
She's telling me to let
you know and she's going on
about how happy she is now.
She's happier now.
She didn't expect to die young.
She died young.
And she didn't expect that.
And she said she's right
behind you right now.
>> [LAUGHING].
>> And when you hear-- when
you feel the hairs on the back
of your neck stand up, it's her.
Also did she have a cat?
>> Who?
>> Did Luana, this
girl, have a cat?
>> Yes, she did.
>> Uh-huh.
And were you concerned
about her cat if she died?
>> Yes.
OK.
And she's saying you wanted
to put it in a good place.
You wanted to keep
it for a little while
and did something with
this cat, she's telling me.
>> Yes, yes, very
important for her.
>> OK.
And she wants you to
take care of her kitty.
She's going on about that.
>> OK.
We'll go to a break
and we'll be right back
with James Van Praagh.
>> I just want to say a
couple of things first.
It's interesting
that how spirits
communicate very differently.
Like that last thing
with the Martini glasses,
now she just showed me
glasses and drinking.
And it's interesting that
that's how they communicate.
And also with the
death condition,
sometimes they don't want to
go back to the memory of that,
so they won't reveal it.
So I just want to
share that with you.
>> And I want to share with
you that I knew that deceased
person as well, and that was
very good and very accurate.
>> Talking to
Harry Dean Stanton.
Harry Dean was a friend of
Luana's, a friend of Bill
Paxton, and a friend of mine.
We spent a few nights
playing guitar,
hanging out at
Dan Tana's talking
about life and the afterlife.
He was adamant there was
none, that life ends in death.
After making countless
movies, from "Cool Hand Luke"
to "Pretty in Pink," Harry
passed away at age 91.
Here's a sampling
of his iconic roles.
>> And Guy phrased it to realize
you're nothing is wisdom,
to realize you're everything
is love, or pure intelligence,
pure awareness.
And that ultimately that
can be defined in words.
It's beyond words beyond.
It's beyond consciousness.
Ultimately, it's nothing.
It's not important.
And I don't say that
in a negative sense.
Ultimately, it's not important.
It's all going to go.
This is a fucking
dream, man, all of it.
And it's not being
cynical, or nihilistic,
or you can put all
kind of labels on it,
but it's just what
is and period.
I was 14 years old, I think.
I was alone in my aunt's house.
And I got terrified all at once.
I started thinking there
was nothing out there.
It was oblivion.
I was terrified at 14,
or 13 or 14 years old.
I had to get on the
phone and call somebody.
I think that was the beginning--
>> Why were you convinced
there was no-- why--
why did you have this
panic that there was--
why did you feel so
panicked by this emptiness?
>> There was no answer to it.
It just-- it just happened.
>> After Harry passed, I thought
it would be fun to interview
him through Jennifer.
A week before his
memorial service,
Jennifer and I
took up the topic.
Well let's ask--
because we can, let's
ask Luana how her
friends who just
showed up this past
week, Harry Dean.
>> Oh and don't forget
Hugh, he knew Hugh.
>> He named Hugh, OK.
Well, let's focus on Harry
Dean a little more because--
>> I know about Harry Dean.
Let me find out.
Let me see.
He didn't accept it at first.
>> OK, very good.
>> Which then, your
belief system--
it's whatever you
believe is not wrong,
it's just that's just the way.
If you believe that
there's nothing--
if you believe that
there's nothing that
is going to be there, right?
Then that's your belief.
He tried to quantify
it the best way he can.
Oh, this is a
consciousness exaggeration.
There was something that
he tried to quantify
or tried to quantify
what he was seeing
and it was there with medicine
and the time that he was--
the time that he was
leaving his body.
>> So he was assuming that
the medicine was creating
hallucinations.
That's what he thought.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Absolutely.
He was trying to document it.
Did he document things
or was he known for that?
Like wanting proof
or did he study it?
>> Yes.
Yeah, he was-- that
was his life was--
is he was almost like a
philosopher in that way.
People who knew him and talked
to him, it was like very strong
with him.
>> It felt like a lot of
people around his bed.
So I don't know if it was
etherically or his family.
It felt like he was very loved.
>> He was very loved.
>> So love, she said.
So loved.
>> And so when he crossed over,
she said he denied it at first
or resisted at first?
What was that like?
>> He tried to understand it,
like he does with everything.
So he tried to--
again, the word "quantify"
comes into mind.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> He tried to assume that
he was just like either stuck
in his memory kind of thing.
>> And so who broke through?
>> She did.
>> I believe that.
So how did she break through?
What did you do, Lu?
>> Held his hand.
>> Held this hand.
Told him it was safe.
>> Told him he was safe.
>> Told him it was safe.
It would be a soft landing.
>> Soft landing.
>> Now you and Harry Dean
went on a trip together.
>> Yes, they did to Santa
Barbara or somewhere fun?
>> They went north
on a road trip.
>> That's what she showed me.
She showed me a car.
And she showed me
like a hat, like it's
something with a convertible.
>> Convertible.
Be specific, please.
So convertible, hat.
>> And the care
meant everything.
>> The car meant everything.
Whose car was it?
Was it Harry's?
>> No, it doesn't look--
he had part ownership.
It felt like it was a studio's
car, something like that.
>> OK.
That's possible.
But there was another
person in the car.
I'm going to see him on Monday.
>> Was it her brother?
>> Like a brother?
>> Like a brother,
they grew up together.
I feel like they
went to high school,
like they grew up together.
>> Career together.
>> Career together, same thing.
>> Anything you two want me
to tell Fred when I see him
on Monday?
>> Just hearts.
She just blew like
hearts and kisses.
>> Hearts and kisses.
OK.
That's not enough for Fred.
>> I know.
Tell Fred he's dehydrated.
There's something
with his headaches.
>> OK.
>> He has headaches.
And he needs to hydrate more.
>> Right.
>> Drink more water.
All right.
That's very good.
That's something.
And so when they
got to Monterey,
there was something
going on, an event.
>> There was a festival
that was going on.
>> What kind of a festival?
>> She says free
spirit festival.
>> OK.
>> But the festival
that was going on--
she's showing me movie screens,
so there was something that was
going--they had to like sit.
And then she's showing
me screens that you
take pictures in front of.
They had to be a part of.
And it had to do with
advertising, whatever it was.
>> Were there people performing?
>> They just did it for fun.
It felt like a--
in our day, like a
bunch of bands playing,
like a reggae thing.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Something like that.
>> Yeah.
>> But it was like
the first of its kind.
>> Yes.
>> One of the first,
like "Lollapalooza"
but way back then.
>> Do you remember any of
the acts that you saw perform
there?
>> I just got shown Prince,
but I don't think he was there.
So I-- can't imagine.
>> But somebody like Prince.
>> Somebody as big as that.
>> Somebody in that
kind of vein of Prince.
>> Yes, like Michael.
>> OK.
OK.
But--
>> It wasn't.
I know that.
>> I know but Prince
was a guy who played--
>> Guitar.
>> OK.
>> So was it Jimi Hendrix.
>> Correct.
>> OK.
So she showed me Jimi
Hendrix and that's
where I got the
reggae part of it.
>> Now--
>> There is an afterlife.
>> Is there-- oh, is that
what you want me to tell Fred?
>> Thank you, Luana.
>> OK.
That's very--
>> Fred knows it.
Fred was much more mature,
he says, than he was.
>> All right.
Can I put an exclamation
point in that?
>> Go easy on him.
Remember the baby.
>> OK.
The girl who had
the baby that died?
OK.
>> Or miscarried or
something along those lines.
>> All right.
That's OK.
I don't know if I would
be able to reach her,
because I don't know her.
>> He's showing me Google.
So I don't know if
there's something
that can be on the internet.
>> OK.
All right.
I'll look that up, Harry.
I'll do that.
Now there's a mutual
friend that we have.
If you look around this
room, there's another person
that Harry Dean knows.
>> Well Bill Paxton, right?
>> Thank you.
>> See, well Bill showed up.
So I just wanted to
make sure that was him.
>> OK.
That's correct.
And so now do you
know consciously
why they're together?
>> Showing me like a
mentor or something.
>> Very good.
OK.
Very good.
>> A mentor and I think
Bill was really young or one
or the other was very young.
And it had to do something
when they were young.
>> What was it like for Harry to
see Bill or Bill to see Harry?
>> Oh, they had a drink.
They were just-- they
were like what the fuck,
I can't believe
this is happening.
>> Very good.
Well the both of you-- the both
of you get the chance to sort
of--
>> But which part in "Titanic--"
he was part of "Titanic."
Because he showed me "Titanic."
>> Yeah, Bill was
part of "Titanic."
So Lu, talking to Harry,
Harry is there one thing
he wants to let us know?
There is an afterlife,
exclamation point.
>> No.
There's more than an afterlife.
>> So there is an
afterlife comma,
there's more than an afterlife.
>> There's a present life
that creates an afterlife.
>> What does that mean, Harry?
Or is that Lu?
>> He's showing me
different levels.
>> Yeah?
>> He said because
he didn't believe it,
he kept on spinning.
He wasted a lot of time here
mentally thinking about it,
because he couldn't--
he couldn't escape it.
So he's like on the bottom
of the treadmill on it.
If you just believe,
then it will take you--
why you're here, you're able to
be more present versus fighting
it.
>> You don't know who
Harry Dean is, do you?
>> I have no fucking
idea who he is.
I thought he was a sausage.
>> OK.
>> Sorry.
>> He's not Jimmy Dean.
But Bill knows who he is
and Luana knows who he is.
And Luana knows--
>> Bill was very--
Bill was just like
this to Harry.
>> Kimberly Babcock is a medium
and a minister from Ohio.
She was visiting Los
Angeles when I asked
to meet her for the first time.
Unfortunately, it was in
another noisy restaurant.
In the interview with
Kimberly Babcock,
I asked if we could speak
to my old friend Bill who
passed a few weeks prior.
I never say his full name.
She has no idea who he is,
but everything she says
is accurate.
>> Was he unable to say
goodbye before you passed?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, must have been
quick or no closure.
That's it.
I have-- I have closure.
I am at peace.
I am-- he knows that he
didn't get to say goodbye.
There's no closure.
Sounds like this they still have
that wound, because there was
no closure before he passed.
Or he must not have been
able to say goodbye,
like he keeps going like this,
which means didn't get to say
goodbye before he passed.
>> Bill Paxton has died.
Celebrities reacted quickly
to the loss on Twitter.
"Apollo 13" co-star Tom
Hanks sweetly wrote, "Bill
was simply a wonderful man."
>> There was room on
the door for Jack.
>> Bill was known for starring
in iconic blockbuster films
including "Titanic," "Aliens,"
"Apollo 13," and "Twister."
>> What does he
look like to you?
>> I actually don't
see him at all.
He just makes me do
that with my hand.
>> OK.
You feel a sensation or
a presence about you?
>> Um-hmm.
Did he have heart issues, chest?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
All the energy goes into
the heart and the chest
to validate his presence.
And he makes me feel like
his passing was quick,
like he didn't get
to say goodbye,
but he's at peace with
the quickness of it.
And I have closure with that.
And I want they--
them to have closure.
They need to have closure.
>> So really, the only way
we can give them closure is
for you to tell them something--
>> Who?
>> --that they don't know the
answer to-- or we don't know
the answer.
Is there anything
you can tell them
that's new or more information?
>> All I heard-- when you were
kind of talking was I'm sorry.
Would you know if
his dad was there,
if his dad was
passed before he did?
>> Yes, he did.
>> Because I see dad
like written in the air.
So it's dad.
>> In interviews with
two other mediums,
Jennifer Shaffer and Raylene
Yuanez both said his father was
there to greet him.
When we asked Bill if
that was a happy reunion,
he said, yes and no, because
that meant one thing--
I must have died if
I'm seeing my dad.
>> Interesting.
>> Well, Billy, I just wanted
to tell you I want to leave this
door open for you.
I knew I was
interviewing Kim today
and I thought, well, this would
be a fun chance to just say hi.
And you can come to wherever
you need to, if you need to.
>> He says he feels like
he would be a smart aleck.
>> He would.
>> He says we always have
the chance to say hi.
You don't need her.
That's what he's saying.
>> Well, no, I know that.
I'm just saying--
>> He's just smart aleck.
Did he smoke?
>> Probably.
>> He's got like a--
it must be a cigar, because it
feels bigger than a cigarette.
He feels like he
knows no stranger,
like that kind of person.
>> So what was the biggest thing
you've learned in passing over?
>> There is no time.
There is no death, he says.
And he didn't realize how much
fear he had, until he died.
I'll just say it verbatim.
Like I'll speak as if I'm him.
He says, I'll say this.
I realize the fear that
I carried within myself
planted fear in others.
And for that, I shed remorse.
Meaning I know and
acknowledge my remorse
and I have to heal in that way.
Because he's showing like
the collateral damage he did.
So for example-- this is what
he's saying to give an example.
Like we walk around, like,
I'm so worried about my heart.
I'm so worried about--
and other people think, oh
gosh, I should be worried, too.
And so it created
collateral damage
because we then
believe in our fears
and it created this
collateral damage he said.
He didn't realize
how much he did that.
He's funny.
I liked his personality.
He's one of those
people that he's
going to give you a little bit
just to make you want more.
When you said is
there anything you
want me to tell your friends,
or family, or whatever,
he literally said I can fly.
And he's playing like
(SINGING) I can fly, I can fly.
You know?
>> Great.
>> But he's laughing, because
it's almost like I know they
want more but this is
what I'll give them--
I can fly.
>> Can you tell
Kim your last name?
>> Why?
That's what he did.
>> That's what he did.
OK.
I know he loves--
>> I said are you sure?
And he's like
checking his pockets--
nope, he says.
>> Come on, Billy, come one.
>> Let me tell you the conscious
information that I know--
is your name with an
'e' at the end of Towne.
And he just told me this today.
And then I also
know because he said
he worked with you that
you must be in the industry
or you were in the industry.
>> Um-hmm.
>> And so that's what I do know.
I don't know anything else.
>> Should we'd say if our
friend Hira is available?
>> I don't know how
you're going to do that.
>> Well, this is up to Jennifer.
Now Luana, Eddie,
you know who Hira is.
>> OK.
How do you spell Hira?
>> H-I-R-A.
>> He wouldn't know that.
I have a picture of Hira.
You do?
>> Oh, that would be helpful.
>> You have it handy?
>> That's how I look at cases.
Hira, I couldn't find Hira.
I'm like, Hira, where are you?
I was looking for a person.
Awesome.
OK, give me a second.
Was there something wrong with
Hira's chest, that usually--
>> He had a heart attack.
>> OK.
So that's his chest area.
Right here.
OK.
Luana is holding on to Hira.
>> OK, Luana's--
>> Luana's holding onto her.
>> Luana's holding onto Hira.
>> >> Yeah.
>> Him.
>> She knew him.
>> Well I-- she's just
showing me playing with him.
So--
>> So Lu, we want
to talk to Hira.
We want to ask him questions.
>> OK.
Hira's saying that you
have felt him when he--
after he passed.
You felt like an energy.
I don't know if it was in
the bed or next to you.
Did you ever feel that
thinking it was him?
That was him.
And so he's showing me like
you getting startled thinking
that you felt that.
And he's showing
me that was him.
Like he comes across
like a person,
like somebody that you cherish.
Was he-- there's
something about 12.
>> He died at the age of 12.
>> He did.
>> OK, thank you
Hira, appreciate that.
>> He said, that but
when they show me 12,
sometimes it means
December so I wasn't sure.
I felt like you
took him everywhere.
>> I did.
>> You took him everywhere.
He says that you were the
best owner in the world.
Everybody wanted to
come back and be Hira.
Like you put him first more
than anything else or any human.
>> At that time in my
life, I certainly did.
>> OK.
>> That's a good thing to ask.
>> So when you're able
to, a Lotus position--
they keep showing me you in
a Lotus position, just calm.
And then just use your heart.
That's where they're
saying open your heart
and just think of them.
It's like a calling card.
>> Those are three of the most
important people in my life--
Hira, Eddie, and Lulu.
>> Hira's being
well taken care of.
>> Since then Hira has helped
speak to other animals.
Hira reports, "Animals are
aware of how incarnation works
but humans are not."
Robert had been a
skeptic, but when
asked his thoughts
since said, "Martinus--"
his nickname for me--
"when you know, you know."
>> Part Three--
Hacking the Afterlife via
Accessing Near Death Events.
>> An incredible installment in
our series She's Got Faith with
the question what
happens when we die?
Stephanie Arnold says she
knows the answer, because she
was dead for 37 seconds.
She flatlined while giving
birth to her second child.
And a glimpse of what
happens after death
forever changed her life.
>> And the thing was is that
I had had a baby before.
I'd had a c-section before.
So it wasn't the
fear of the unknown.
So I told everybody, I said
not only am I going to die.
I'm going to need
a hysterectomy.
I'm going to hemorrhage.
These organs are
going to combine.
I'm going to be put
under general anesthesia.
The baby's going to be fine.
And I'm going to be dead
on the operating table.
So I saw who hit the
button for the code.
I saw that my anesthesiologist
was down by my feet.
I saw the nurse that jumped
on my chest to give me CPR.
I saw what was happening down
the hall with my other child
in the labor and delivery room.
My husband wasn't
present at the time,
but I saw what he was wearing
when he got off the plane.
I had heard my doctor say
over and over again this
can't be happening,
this can't be happening.
And I said to her later,
I said, did you say that?
And she said I did,
but in my head.
>> Are you seeing yourself
translucent or are you just
seeing the energetic visual?
Like is it just light or is
it actually you and light
or a combination of the two?
>> You know I don't see
as much of the torso.
I don't see feet.
I see more of like
from waist up.
>> OK.
>> And I see a dress,
like just a long dress.
So I can't tell where their--
>> What color is that dress?
>> It's all white.
>> OK.
Can we bring Steph's guide here?
It might be you, Ida.
But could we bring
her guide here?
Is it a male, or a
female, neither, or both?
What comes to mind?
Or a light?
>> Male.
>> A male.
>> It's not--
>> I'm sorry, say
again-- male what?
>> It's not-- it's not her.
She's not my guide.
>> Sam, I'm going to ask
you to do us a huge favor.
Would you walk our friend
Steph in to visit her council.
>> We're standing outside,
walking on a path.
And there's a door
in the distance,
but it's a sidewalk
path, like an arch.
>> OK.
And is there a building
in the distance?
The door-- attached to the door?
>> The door is attached
to a building, yeah.
>> What does it look like?
Is it white, black, green?
>> It's white-- it's
white, but a little gray.
But there's no markings on it.
>> What does it
look like inside?
What does it looked like?
>> You know, it feels like
the room is wide open.
>> David Bennett is a former
science officer who drowned
for 12 minutes.
His NDE was studied
by scientists
at the University
of Virginia and was
featured in Morgan
Freeman's "Story of God."
>> Just about then this falling
bridge above our heads and it
just came crashing
down on top of us.
And it folded the Zodiac in half
like a peanut butter sandwich.
And I was catapulted
into the sea.
And I'm hanging on to this
old World War II Mae West life
jacket.
You know the big orange pillows?
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm hanging
on to that just--
and I'm a commercial diver.
I'm trained as a commercial
diver, so I'm not freaking out.
I'm used to being in the water.
I've logged thousands
of hours underwater.
>> Right.
>> And so I'm just
holding my breath.
And I have faith
that this life vest
is going to bring me up to
the surface sometime soon.
You reach a point where the
oxygen deprivation creates
a euphoria.
And you believe you can breathe.
And you just breathe
in saltwater.
And it's not a
pleasant experience.
But it's a burning.
And it happens very quickly.
And then, boom, you're gone.
There's something in the
brain that allows you
to escape that severe agony.
Then I saw this light appear.
And it wasn't-- it was
just off in the distance.
And I was drawn to it, just
absolutely drawn to it.
And I felt like I
was moving toward it.
But I can't tell if it
was coming toward me,
I was going toward it.
It just felt like
movement to me.
And it wasn't a tunnel
or anything like that.
It was just light.
And as I got closer, and
closer, and closer, it grew.
It grew and, you know,
and it was infinite.
And as I got closer,
it looked like millions
upon millions of
fragments of light.
And they were all moving,
and dancing, and coalescing
together and stuff like that.
>> Is there anything in nature
that would fit the description?
>> Actually, yeah, have you ever
seen a school of like sardines
or anchovies, how
they work together?
And sometimes when
they're near the surface,
they'll move in
unison to the light.
And they'll refract the light
multiple colors and things
like that just, you know?
Well, that's kind of like what
the fragments appeared to me.
They were of a like
mind moving in unison
and coming together, and
separating, and coming
together, and doing--
it was beautiful.
And I was in awe.
I was in absolute gaga
awe of this light.
And I-- and I kept--
I was coming closer and closer.
>> It's kind of stacked.
OK.
Let's go to the-- let's
go to the first row
of that stacked group.
How many people are
in the first row?
>> Six.
Very good.
How are they arrayed?
Are they in a line?
Are they sitting or standing?
Are they in a circle,
a semicircle, or what?
>> They're in a line.
>> OK.
Priscilla, thank you for
allowing us to chat with you.
We appreciate it.
First question of the day,
how is our friend Steph doing?
>> She's going to be fine.
So that's a little different
than what our pal Sam said,
isn't it?
Or what Ida said, struggling.
>> Uh-hmm.
>> So Priscilla, would you
put that in our friend's mind?
That not only is she doing OK,
but she's doing pretty good,
isn't she?
>> Yes.
>> She's on the path
she's supposed to be on.
Am I-- correct me if I'm wrong.
>> Yes, she is.
>> By the way Priscilla,
have you heard of me?
>> Yes.
>> How so and put
that in Steph's mind?
>> Ah, through a dog.
>> So I'm the annoying guy who
goes around and ask questions.
So through a dog.
I love that!
So which dog?
>> I see like--
it looks like a German
shepherd, but it's--
>> Oh my gosh, is it is
it through my dog, Sam?
How do you know Sam, Priscilla?
Or do you?
>> I don't know.
>> But don't judge it.
>> Yeah, I don't--
I just see her playing
fetch with him.
>> OK.
Very good.
Let's not judge it.
That's hilarious.
I love it.
Priscilla, let me ask
you a direct question.
Is this my dog Sam or is this
some other German shepherd?
>> That's how we know each
other is through the dog.
>> OK.
Great.
And is it my dog though?
The dog that I know is Sam?
OK, very good.
>> I believe it is.
>> OK.
Well she can tell you
no, or maybe, or yes.
What does she say?
Thumbs up.
>> She's smiling.
>> She's saying that you
don't want to believe,
but I'm telling you.
>> Oh, I totally--
I totally-- I talked to
Sam for the first time
about a month ago.
So I totally get
what she's saying.
>> And then three fragments
broke away and they came.
And they--
>> Three out of--
>> Infinite.
Out of infinite.
>> Billions and trillions.
>> Yeah.
And they came toward me and
they conveyed this welcome home.
And one thing I
forgot to say was
as I was getting
closer to this light,
I just kept feeling
these waves of love
that felt like it was embracing
me in this warm blanket.
And I was so comfortable
with this love.
Just it just was such a warm
embrace that when these three--
and I talk to them
as light beings,
because they were
fragments of light
that were heading toward
me and welcoming me home.
And it's still
tough to talk about.
It's been over 30
years and I'm still
getting choked up because
it was a feeling of home
like I've never,
ever felt before.
>> Here's an example of
hacking the afterlife by asking
questions about a vivid dream.
I was invited by Susan
Pinsky to her podcast
where I suggested an experiment
with her husband Dr. Drew.
And so you mentioned
earlier that there was a--
I think it was a
disconcerting memory?
>> Yeah, I had what I thought
was a horrible dream when I was
very young, like under
two, under three.
He had where your irises
are and your pupils,
he had red crosses.
>> OK.
Very cool.
>> Oh.
>> All right.
>> Ooh, right?
>> In life or in this memory?
>> In this memory.
I really don't-- I'm just free
associating as you suggested.
>> Whose home is this?
Is this the Burgermeister's?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Do me a favor Burgermeister,
put into Drew's mind
your last name.
>> Schmitz.
>> OK, thank you.
And what year?
Just pop a year--
>> 1900?
Literally 1900 or 1890 or--
>> Right in right there.
>> Whoever is
Drew's spirit guide,
join this little crowd that
we're talking to here--
the light.
It's a-- thank you.
OK.
So can I ask this
light to come forward
or you get closer to it?
>> Sure.
>> OK.
>> And then eventually about
a dozen of these fragments
of lights were
there greeting me.
And we started to-- there was
no conveyance of come on, let's
go, we got to do something.
It was more of just
an understanding
we've got to go over here.
And we went to this
area that was very--
to me it felt spherical.
And we started to
reexperience my life.
And we experienced
it in such a way,
it wasn't just me
experiencing it.
They were experiencing
it as well.
And they were very excited.
>> All 12?
>> All 12.
We were all
experiencing my life.
And not just from
my point of view,
but from every
interaction I'd ever
had from the people that
I'd interacted with.
I got to see my interactions
and how I hurt other people
and things like that.
But I also got to see that
when I did open up, and I did
have experiences of just being
open-hearted and giving freely
of my love and my
heart how that created
some of the biggest ripples.
The things that I
took so much pride in,
like becoming the chief engineer
of Aloha and things like that,
didn't have such big ripples.
What really had
the bigger ripples
was when I would help someone
without any look for reward
or anything.
And I got to really experience
it in this life review
and see how that planted
a seed in my being
that when we do
things for each other,
that we're expanding
our connections.
We're expanding that positive
energy, that sort of thing,
you know?
And I didn't know that
through most of my life,
because I had a lot of
suffering and stuff,
until I experienced this
where I did it myself,
of my own free will,
open-hearted without any look
for reward or
anything like that.
I got to experience
this woman's joy.
Well I had one of those--
I call it deja vu on steroids--
type of moments
where I experienced
part of that future life
review in the hospital when
the doctor came in and was
telling me you've got cancer.
Only he didn't use the C word.
You have tumors that have
done this, and this, and this.
And so they were
explaining it to me.
When he was doing
it, it was like I
knew before he
walked in the door
this-- because I'd
never met this--
he was an intern at the
hospital that I never knew.
He came in.
And I recognized
him immediately.
the surroundings,
everything around me.
And I knew exactly what
he was going to say.
And I sat there.
I let him squirm a
little bit, because he
was-- because I was an assistant
director there at the hospital.
So I mean I was well
known and stuff.
And here's this new intern about
to give me the death sentence,
right?
And he's hemming and hawing.
And I'm sitting there thinking,
I remember this moment
from my life review.
And I know exactly
what he's going to say.
And I know I'm going to regret
it in my next life review,
but I'm going to let
him squirm a little bit.
[LAUGHS] Because it
really didn't bother me
that he was going to say that.
Because I saw that I was
going to have cancer,
but, like you said, I also saw
I was going to live beyond it.
So there was a certainty
that this was just
a part of that purpose.
And this was something
that I had to experience.
I had to go through the cancer
so that I could experience
the suffering, so I could
experience the pain, so that I
could experience all of that.
And they told me
they weren't going
to treat it, all that stuff.
And I said, no, we are going
to treat it, because I'm
going to survive this.
And they all
immediately thought--
you know Elizabeth
Kubler Ross, and--
they all thought I was in
denial, the first stage
of grief, right?
But I had already gone
right to acceptance,
because I accepted that, yeah,
this is just a stage, something
that I have to go through.
This is one of my challenges,
one of my purposes in life.
And that if I
follow my guidance,
I'm going to survive
this without a doubt.
And so I was very certain
right from day one.
Everybody else in my life
was certain I was dying,
but I was certain I was living
and this was an opportunity
to live life and experience
life and to squeeze
all the juice out of life.
>> Now do me a favor.
And this energy that's right
in front of you, put your hand
inside of it-- your
imaginary hand,
just slip it right
into this energy.
What does that feel like?
>> Peace.
>> All right, very good.
Thank you.
Warmth and peace.
All right.
So I'm going to ask this
light, if the light could
transform into an entity so
that we can have a conversation.
Male or female?
>> I guess male?
>> I want you to take
Drew by the hand.
And I want you to walk
him into his council.
>> Council?
>> Drew does not know what
I'm talking about, but, Mort,
you know what I'm talking about.
>> Huh.
>> So would you do me a favor,
walk him towards his council.
Are we inside or outside?
Are we in a room, are we ou--
>> In a room.
>> We're in a room.
OK, very good.
And now are they--
how are they arrayed?
How many people are
there in this room?
>> I can't really tell.
>> But roughly from--
>> 12.
Thank you.
>> I'm having trouble
seeing individuals.
>> That's OK.
Are they-- just what's
your impression?
>> Impression like Native
Americans are here.
>> Very good.
Are they all male?
Are they female?
Are they a combo?
>> Mix.
>> All right.
Let's go to the--
>> Mostly male.
>> --first person
on the far left.
What's this person look like?
>> Like a female pilgrim.
>> Very good.
And I want you to
go up close to her.
>> OK.
>> She's one of the
only women in there.
>> Let's give her a name.
Let's ask--
>> Marie.
>> Marie, thank you.
And how is she dressed?
>> [LAUGHS].
Like a--
>> Like a pilgrim?
Brown.
I'm just saying what colors.
>> Like dark with a white apron
and with those bonnets that
they would--
>> Very good.
I understand.
And Marie--
>> I love this.
>> Marie is her name.
Correct?
>> Something like that.
>> OK.
Marie, I want you to
put into Drew's mind
how you earned your
position on the council.
>> She brings history.
>> Thank you.
History.
All right.
And Hence the pilgrim
outfit, we like that's.
It's very clever.
And now I want you to describe
the emotion or the feeling
you're getting from
holding this person's hand.
>> Kindness.
What kind of kindness?
I mean it's a simple word, is
it is it overwhelming kindness.
>> No.
It's gentle, wise, deliberative.
>> Let me ask Marie, how do
you feel what we're doing?
Do you think this is weird?
>> She-- everyone thinks
it's weird in this room.
>> OK, very good.
[LAUGHING] I appreciate that.
>> And outside.
>> No, I don't think--
I don't think it's weird.
>> No, no.
She's-- we're talking
about the council.
They think it's weird.
I think I'm hypnotized, myself.
>> Marie, I want you to ask--
I want you to say
something to Drew.
I want you to give
him a sentence--
and to the people listening in--
I want you to give him a--
>> Wisdom is wealth.
>> Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Wisdom is wealth.
Drew, is this something
you've heard before?
>> No.
>> OK, thank you.
So Marie, this is
coming from Marie.
I would call this
new information.
Let's move to the
next person to Marie.
Is it a male or a female?
>> I'm having trouble because
I have this presence of like
a North American Indian.
And that feels-- it feels like--
>> Don't judge it.
>> Yeah, I'm feeling--
I'm judging it.
>> Please don't.
>> I'm judging it.
>> All right, so very good.
>> So describe
what he's wearing.
>> Headdress.
>> How many feathers?
>> Lots.
>> How many?
10?
>> 90?
Are they up?
Are they down?
>> All the way down his back.
Up and then down his back.
>> Up and then down.
OK.
And I want you to look
carefully at his face.
>> Yeah.
>> Look at those eyes.
>> Hmm.
>> What's the emotion
you get looking at him?
>> Depth, depth.
>> Depth?
All right.
Is he wearing any symbols,
or emblems, or jewelry?
>> Beads.
>> OK.
>> This one is like
making me emotional.
This guy.
>> Very good.
Very good.
I understand.
>> And that's why I'm having
trouble staying with his eyes.
>> That's OK.
You don't have to.
Just look at his
beads for a second.
>> Hmm.
>> Just focus on those beads.
And please, if he can give
us a name or the tribe
that he represents?
>> Humanity.
>> Is there a tribe that's
called itself "humanity?"
>> Yes, yes.
There is.
Well the Sioux
considered everybody
in their tribe to be
"humanity" and everybody
who was not in the Sioux
was not "humanity."
Let me ask him directly.
Are you Sioux?
Could I characterize
you as Sioux?
>> You could
characterize it that way?
>> Thank you.
Are you Lakota, or
Dakota, or Nakota?
Which one.
>> Nakota.
>> You have been watching over
him for so many lifetimes.
Do you feel like he's
doing a good job?
>> He will.
>> And would you show him why
he's doing the kind of work
he's doing where he's saving
lives on a daily basis?
>> He's waving a spear over me.
>> Very good.
OK.
And is that spear a
warrior spear or is--
>> It's more-- more ceremonial.
It feels like a blessing,
some power being transmitted
or something.
>> OK.
Well what does that feel like?
>> I don't know.
It's all very confusing.
>> Is he transmitting it to you?
Do you have a feeling of it?
>> Yes.
What is that feeling
that he's trying
to impart from you with his
great knowledge of humanity?
>> Patience and work to be done.
>> Dr. Drew remains a skeptic.
After this experiment, he
said he felt hypnotized.
He asked, how else
could I be seeing
people I've never seen before?
I pointed out his answers were
identical to dozens of others.
Josh Davidow is a filmmaker.
We met in Tibet while I was
filming "Journey into Tibet"
with Robert Thurman.
>> Here's my consciousness.
And then and I was just
kind of like where am I?
What's going on?
What's the story, because I was
so used to hearing that voice.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I looked down.
And that was probably
the next thing I saw.
So the first thing I saw was the
landscape and the amazing scape
up at the top from there.
But then I looked
down and saw my body.
And what I immediately
remember thinking
is seeing your dead
body and immediately
going into habituated thought
of going, Jesus, that's bad.
But the second I
did that, there was
another part of
me that went, hang
on a minute, that's not bad.
It's not anything, it just is.
That's your body.
I'm still me.
And I hear my voice.
And I'm cracking
wise in my head,
but I don't have that body.
What else don't I have?
And then I start going
through this checklist.
And I don't have guilt.
And I don't have shame.
And I don't have pain.
And I don't have history.
And I don't have
all of these things
that I really owned
as a physical body.
>> Let's go visit your council.
Are we inside or outside?
>> We're inside.
>> OK.
Describe it to me.
What's the structure?
>> It's like a--
sort of like a court room but
a built out of white pearl.
>> How many people
are in the room?
When you look around, how
many counselors are here?
>> Six.
All right, very good?
And are they in a row or
are they in a semicircle?
>> They're in a semicircle.
>> Semicircle.
>> OK.
Let's go to the first
person on the left.
>> OK.
He kind of seems alien.
He's got like three
sort of fingers.
It almost looks like a claw,
but it's very benign looking.
They're normal-size eyes,
but they're all pupil.
They're all black.
It doesn't look like clothes.
It looks like-- it looks
like the same skin that's
on his hand, which
is like a putty.
>> What's one word that you
could use to represent how you
earned a spot on Josh's council?
What's a word that you represent
in Josh's spiritual evolvement?
>> He said discipline.
>> Have you normally incarnated
on a planet in our universe
or in another universe?
>> Another universe.
>> OK.
Is there anybody in
Josh's life who has
had lifetimes on your planet?
>> He says yes.
>> Has Josh had a
lifetime on your planet?
>> Yes.
>> I want you to put that
lifetime in Josh's mind.
Are we inside or outside?
>> Inside.
>> You're inside.
OK.
Are we in a building, or a
structure, or where are we?
>> We're in a building.
It seems like a very
mechanical-- it almost
looks like a fertility clinic.
>> Almost looks like--
I've never been in
one, but you have.
>> No, I haven't.
>> All right.
Very good.
>> Actually, I haven't.
>> What is this place, Sith?
Is this a fertility clinic?
Is this where Josh works
or what's he doing there?
Well, first, let me ask you--
we're inside.
What does Josh look
like in this lifetime?
If you could just show it
to him without any stress
or weirdness.
>> Well, he kind
of looks like Sith.
>> Is Josh's role on this
planet, is it science?
Is it some kind of a doctor?
>> Yes.
>> It is some kind of a doctor.
And it has to do with
fertility, doesn't it?
>> Yes, yes, yes.
>> Something to do with it,
because that's what you put
in his mind.
>> Yeah.
>> So some kind of
a doctor involving--
are you guys having a difficulty
with fertility on your planet?
>> No.
>> It's just the process.
>> It's just the proce--
yeah, it's making--
it's designing a good future.
>> So you're telling me he's
not consciously aware of having
an event where some aliens came
and talked to him or something
like that.
>> No, he's not.
>> But you're showing
it to him now.
>> Yeah.
>> How does the information get
passed from Josh to you guys?
Is it etherically,
electrically, energetically?
I mean how is the information
that you're seeking happen?
>> We experience it.
We experience it
while he sleeps.
>> OK, very good.
So it's like you
come by, and it's
like you scan him in a way.
And you get the information.
And that information, what's
the value of that information
for your folks back home?
>> To make better people.
>> And by making better people,
you're not talking about
making--
do you mean-- you
talking about making
better people on your planet?
>> No.
>> What do you mean?
>> Making better
people on Earth.
>> You're helping and--
correct me if I'm wrong, Sith--
you're helping alter the
consciousness of the planet.
Is that correct.
>> Yes.
>> So let me ask you, Monty,
are you familiar with what
I've been doing asking councils
and councilors information
about their charges?
>> Yes.
>> What do you guys
think about this?
Is this unusual for you?
>> They think you're
on the right path.
>> What word do you
represent on Josh's council?
>> Peace?
>> Did he earn that from
having a difficult lifetime?
>> He earned it.
>> Does Josh want to
see where he earned it,
or is that stressful?
>> No, he can see if he wants.
>> All right.
So let's examine it.
Where are we?
Are we inside or outside?
>> We're inside a
cockpit of a plane.
It looks like World
War II, I think.
>> OK.
Very good.
Take a look at his uniform.
>> He's American.
>> What's his name?
>> Major Tom DeLuca?
>> OK.
>> Louise, something.
>> Louise or DeLuca,
something Italian?
>> Something Italian.
>> What kind of
plane were you in?
>> A bomber.
OK.
So other guys we
went down with you.
>> Hmm.
>> All right.
What was the name
of your bomber.
Do you remember?
>> Lady-- Lady Belle?
>> Lady Belle?
OK.
A different plane,
but Lady Belle.
>> It's a lady.
>> OK.
>> What did you learn
from that lifetime?
>> Not to die in fear.
>> Jennifer Shaffer, Medium.
We've been having chats with
the flipside for over six years.
In this one, I
decided to ask someone
I'd met before if
he wanted to chat.
>> Merv, show Jennifer
where you met me.
>> On his show?
>> Yeah, very good.
>> He had a show, too?
>> He did have a show.
>> I know Johnny Carson did.
I didn't know Merv did.
>> Don't judge it.
It's more fun when
you don't judge it.
[LAUGHS] It's more fun for me.
So Merv, yeah, I
was on your show.
OK?
Do you remember--
Merv, do you remember
what I was doing on
your show and who
brought me on your show?
[MUSIC AND APPLAUSE]
>> He walks out the door
and says, Merv, like I--
17 years, I've been here.
Now, of course, he doesn't
have to television set.
>> The first thing to
notice about Richard--
>> Is he has
Hollywood sunglasses--
it's in his top pocket.
>> Richard-- Richard
is an aura person.
By that I mean if we
were sitting here talking
and the camera takes
a shot of Richard,
the whole show is better
because Richard is here.
Just get a sh-- can you
get a close up of Richard?
Now look at that.
Don't you all feel a little
better now that he's here?
[LAUGHING]
Right away.
That's mainly what he does.
>> Do you really?
>> Yeah.
>> Well to tell you the
truth-- now you were talking,
you were saying earlier--
>> Do you want to move
into the main chair?
>> Yeah, I think I'm ready.
Oh, yeah, forget that.
Now you were saying earlier
about that stuff about him,
he always has to apologize
about the friendly stuff
when he comes out here.
>> See, I'm only used to
sitting next to stars.
>> Bear with us.
>> But anyway, no.
I have a story to tell
about friendly-- my one
friendly story.
>> See I got stuck
with for 90 minutes.
>> See, this is my
first time for me.
The friendly story is I was
in a restaurant in Hollywood.
And I was sitting not too
far from a megastar, a really
famous Hollywood personality.
>> Wow.
>> And as this person was
walking out of the restaurant,
a man stopped him and
said, Oh, I know you,
you're on television.
Wait, come over to my table.
And he had like seven
daughters with him.
And the person, this megastar,
went over to the table,
and very politely shook his
hand, signed an autograph,
kissed a couple of the girls.
>> Sweet.
>> Do you know
who that star was?
>> No.
>> It was you.
>> Oh.
>> It was right after
Chuck was on the show.
>> Right after we did
the friendly show.
And we know what you
were like before the--
>> Even you.
>> I did that at
Musso and Franks?
>> Musso and Frank's.
>> But see, he came on and told
me that whole friendly stuff
for 90 minutes here, about,
oh, you've got to be friendly.
But I've been that
way all my life.
>> It's infectious.
>> You know, so I
got bored with him.
>> Why are you leaning
so close to my friend.
>> Because I like Richard
better than I like you.
>> It really happened.
That's I mean.
Go ahead, continue.
>> He's got an aura about him.
What a wonderful guy.
>> You were making
everybody laugh--
>> OK.
>> --about meeting someone.
>> OK, very good.
I did.
I made everybody laugh
about meeting, you Merv.
>> Oh, OK.
>> That was the punch
line, because I met you.
I was at Musso and Frank's.
I saw you signing autographs.
And I thought to
myself, look at that,
Merv will go stop at
any table and sign
autographs for anybody.
I mean he's really a polite guy.
All right.
So Merv, why all
the shows, buddy?
>> He could recognize talent
even when they couldn't.
Tell me the guy that
passed away that you did--
that was in your movie
that did the naked--
naked dating.
>> Oh, Howard Schultz.
>> Howard Schultz.
>> So what kind of things
are you working on or talking
about?
Are they story points?
Like you grow up in Wisconsin
and I'll grow up in Iowa,
and we'll meet up
somewhere along the path?
>> Yeah.
>> So like that,
like story beats.
Does anybody advise you on the
story beats or you guys just
work it out yourselves?
>> They're laughing.
They have hundreds-- like
there's like thousands
of people behind them.
>> Thousands of people who
have to-- do they have to agree
on the process?
I'm aware that
there's free will.
So people can say--
>> Merv, are you doing this with
a lot of people or is Howard
just one of the people.
>> They both want it.
They both think that they're
more powerful together.
>> OK.
And what kind of topics are
you guys going to work on.
>> They're going to do
shows that have humor,
because they think
that's great medicine.
>> I see.
So almost like build
a network together.
>> Ding, ding, ding, ding.
>> All right.
So Merv, we'll be right back.
[LAUGHS] That's
what he used to say.
I would like to speak to--
if it's possible-- can we
speak to her main council,
the main council
of the people who
advise Kimberly
in her lifetimes?
>> She says, yes, and she pushes
through like it's the feeling
of four, like four.
>> Four.
Very good, thank you.
And so going from left to
right, if you could describe
the first person on your left.
>> [LAUGHING] Go figure.
Well, if there was ever a being
that looks like ET, I'm like,
of course, it's you because
I've seen this one before,
only one time before.
>> Very good.
>> Can we speak to
you, sir, ma'am?
>> Yeah, he told me his name.
His name is Sebastian.
He has like gray
skin, no raised ears.
He looks like an ET.
>> But he's got two arms.
Is that correct?
>> Yes.
But just a little out
of proportion to human.
>> Yeah.
And his eyes are big or small.
>> They're big, but
his face is very flat.
So like how we have
the difference in space
from our nose to here dips
down, he doesn't have that.
>> OK.
And Sebastian, can Kimberly
take a hold of your hand
and hold your hand for a second?
What does that feel like?
What's the emotion you get
from that emotional feeling?
>> Safe.
Definitely emotional
and definitely safe,
very, very, very, very safe.
>> Safe.
OK.
That was kind of--
>> Comforted and loved.
>> Well, Sebastian, define love.
She's feeling love from you.
What does that mean?
>> He shows me the
word everything.
>> That idea that
love is everything.
Are you referring
to consciousness
and how consciousness
is in everything
and that consciousness is love?
I'm just curious.
>> Yeah.
He's showing everything and
the plan of everything is love.
Yeah.
And he's showing
like this spiral.
It almost looks like a stretched
out slinky from space to Earth,
like the cosmos to
Earth, where everything
is the translation of love.
And the harmony that it
projects, and creates,
and shares is the
level of like--
what is this word--
integration--
>> Great.
>> --of love.
>> Is Kimberly ever incarnated
on your planet or where you
normally have incarnated?
>> He says, yes.
She is now.
>> Oh.
And if you could allow her--
can we see that for a second?
Where is this planet that
you normally incarnate, is
it in our universe or is
it in another universe?
>> It's not in our universe.
>> OK.
So we don't have to
get down to or Cygnus
5, or Pleiades, or something.
And if you going to
show Kimberly just
for a glimpse, what does
it look like on the surface
of that planet where
she is concurrently.
Is that what you're saying?
She has a lifetime
concurrently to this one.
And without getting
into the mass,
just show her what
does it look like.
>> So I'm literally like
standing here looking down.
And it's like--
Rich, do you remember
the movie "Avatar?"
And do you know
how there's pieces
of Earth-like
objects almost kind
of floating around
with each other?
And they're kind
of like from one--
it's similar to that, but
it's like I'm looking down.
But when I look down, I
can see like cosmos below.
But I also have an understanding
of like over here to the right,
it looks green and lush,
but it's also not solid.
It's--
>> Almost like a
mental construct?
And you created it,
almost mathematical?
>> Right.
>> Beautiful.
Is he wearing anything
jewelry wise or is he just--
you're just seeing
skin, this gray skin?
>> Just skin.
And he's cold and kind
of clammy to the touch.
It's not jewelry,
it's like his skin.
But it's almost like how a tree
has rings for how old it is.
>> Sebastian, are those rings
around your neck related to age
or what are they related to?
>> Evolutionary he says.
>> Evolutionary.
And just to give our listeners
an idea of how old you
are in Earth years.
>> Ah. his energy like shifts.
And he gets-- he's so intense.
And his voice got really deep.
And he said eons, like eons.
I don't know if these
rings represent lifetimes
as much as they represent like
epiphany that caused expansion.
>> Beautiful.
>> Does that make sense?
>> Epiphany that
cause expansion.
Like consciousness adjustments,
like judging time over the fact
that you've adjusted
consciousness.
So you're an important dude.
Sebastian, how many
councils do you work on?
Do you just work
with Kimberly or do
you work with many people?
>> Many.
So the person to his left--
this is interesting, because
I've never seen her before,
her face.
>> OK.
>> She has dark hair.
She looks like a
Native American Indian.
>> May I ask-- may I ask you.
Well, I forgot to ask Sebastian.
Are you aware of this work I'm
doing, talking to councils?
>> All the time, he says.
>> OK, thank you.
>> What's your what's
your opinion of it?
>> He's doing this.
>> It means thank
you in sign language.
>> Yeah, that's what
he was just telling me.
Like he was literally saying
that when you said that.
Thank you--
>> Wow.
>> --like in sign language.
>> OK, mind blown.
Mind blowing.
All right.
So this woman, let's ask her
for a name, if you don't mind.
>> I cannot believe
I'm hearing this like.
She's almost, like, why?
Why would you be mind blown?
Awashonks?
>> Awashonks.
>> Awashonks, thank you.
>> This is so crazy.
She's very fierce in her energy.
She's very direct
and very fierce.
>> Very good.
So may I ask you some
direct questions, Miss A?
>> Of course.
>> What do you represent
in Kimberly's journey,
just as a word or a concept?
>> Whatever that means.
Alignment maybe?
>> Focus.
Have you lived a lifetime
on the planet Earth?
So you have and this is--
>> And then I'm sure you can
imagine what she's showing me.
She's saying I'm
not afraid to kill
to get to where I need to be.
Now, when it comes
to kill, it's not
like she's on a mission to kill.
It's like it's more
of like prioritizing,
like letting things die to
prioritize what needs to live.
>> And are you familiar with
this work that I'm doing
talking to councils?
>> She says, I am.
And then she follows that
up with I am a part of it.
>> Oh, very good.
Well, let me ask you about that.
Did you put Kimberly
and me together today?
Is that what happened?
>> She takes full-- like she
takes big responsibility.
Like she sits back
and gets really big
and has this energy of
taking responsibility.
>> What would you like to
tell people that are listening
in, or hearing this for the
first time, or accessing this?
What would you
like as a message?
>> Simultaneous transaction.
She's saying talk to
the land and also let
the land talk to you.
And it's almost like a plea,
like let the land talk to you.
And then it's like you
won't lose your way.
She's showing like clarity.
You won't lose your way.
>> I get it, but I
don't know who his is.
He's like that Microsoft guy.
>> Bingo.
>> Correct?
>> Correct.
>> He's showing me,
but I didn't get it.
So when I don't
get things, it's--
>> That's all right.
You don't know his name.
I'm going to tell you his name.
First name is Paul.
>> Paul.
Paul, Paul, Paul, Paul.
I know you're talking
about his name.
>> OK.
Let me just tell you, it's OK.
>> He owned a football team, a
basketball team or a football
team?
>> Very good.
He did.
He owned both.
>> Both.
>> So who was there to greet
you when you crossed over?
>> I just got a big
football player.
>> Really, interesting.
>> I don't know.
Let me just go with it.
>> Just go with it?
>> White or Black?
>> Black, African-American.
>> African-American.
Somebody we might know?
>> Kind of like Polynesian.
Maybe I'm seeing Black,
but it might be Polynesian.
I feel that he didn't play for
him, but he tried to help him.
He wanted him to
play, but he died
before he could play for him.
>> Paul wanted to help him.
>> Yes.
>> But he passed
away before he--
>> Before he could help him.
>> Right.
>> Did he went to help
him with his illness?
Did he have a brain problem?
>> That's what it feels
like, but I don't know
if it's concussions.
I don't know.
>> Yeah, that's what it is.
OK.
That would be what it was.
Now that you're
on the flipside--
>> He was who started,
it feels like.
>> Speak up.
>> This guy was the start of it.
>> Oh, very good.
>> Like he was the one that--
>> Inspired him--
>> He was so
heartbroken over it.
>> OK.
Was it--
>> Here he owns a sports
team and he feels like
they're hurt--
like
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I understand.
They're hurting good athletes.
>> He's trying to create
helmets that were even stronger.
>> Very good.
>> Let's focus on the
Archangel Raphael for a second,
if we can.
>> Can we?
>> Of course.
>> In terms of angels and
speaking to angels or speaking
to people who
self-identify as angels.
I've often heard that
it's really in reference
to the ability to move
at the speed of thought,
that they're so fast.
And so the idea of wings
is more of a metaphor
than it is like, oh, I'm stuck
with these things on my back.
It's a metaphor for how--
so is that accurate, Raphael.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
And that makes sense as to
why he's saying and showing--
>> Propulsion.
Yeah.
>> --propulsion.
>> Moving from realm to realm.
I've also heard the
term "guardian."
>> Because he was showing--
do you remember when we were
talking to Sebastian, the ET
that was showing those rings
almost like in his aura.
So Raphael's referencing that.
When we were talking about
propulsion, like having those--
so think about it like this,
just to try to put context to.
Think about those rings of
like evolution or awakened
consciousness, like a
quantum leap of growth.
And there's an imprint that's
there that's always accessible.
So that's why-- so it's
like they're the same.
It's like he's trying
to say that they're
the same because an
archangel has those also.
And that's why the fast
propulsion, like the capacity
to switch change quickly.
Because those are like
access points, he's saying.
>> OK.
>> Those rings are like access
points to the whole reality.
Whatever access
point he's at, he
has access to the
whole realm of it,
like anything happening
on that channel.
>> Ah, OK.
That's huge.
That's pretty big.
>> Like a portal almost.
>> In terms of us understanding
what an archangel is,
certainly since humanity
has been around,
or for a long time, people
have identified archangels like
seven of them or a
certain particular number.
Is that accurate or are there
many, many more than seven?
>> He's saying many,
many, many more.
>> If I refer to the Archangel
Michael, do you think, oh,
that's my buddy
Michael or is that--
how does that work?
>> Not like you do in your
frame of reference, he says.
When you say "Archangel
Michael," for him,
he connects more to a cause,
like cause and effect.
So it's like I see
literally like a shift.
When I say how do you
connect to Michael,
I see a shift and then awareness
in like compassion, heart,
protection.
Whatever the cause, is
it's a shift into that.
I'm like so--
I don't know why he keeps
repeating the word "exodus."
It is so fascinating
because that's
sort of how he was answering
your question when you were
saying, when I mention
"Michael," how do you connect
to your buddy Michael?
He's saying like "exodus."
So it's almost like
exodus is the bridge
to get to compassion.
Because like we
would say "Michael."
We would use a name identity.
But they use like
an intent identity.
>> Is it a vibrational
identity or intent?
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like intent.
>> But exodus would be movement
from one place to the next.
>> Yeah.
That's what he's
showing, like a shift.
>> Like a shift.
So all right, here's a
question people on the planet
might want to know.
Are we going through
an exodus right now?
>> He's like you
better believe it.
>> [LAUGHING] Is it
a speeded up exodus,
or is people's awareness
becoming part of that exodus,
or is it just something
that's happening?
I mean are we responsible
for it or are you
guys responsible for it?
Collective, mutual.
>> Mutual.
>> So he's saying it's like
the effect of slowing it down
speeds it up.
It's like in order to manifest
the construct of anything that
serves, you have to
remove what doesn't serve.
So you have to have
that holy destruction.
And so keeping it
sacred and seeing it--
because if you keep it
sacred, you don't judge it.
Maintaining spaciousness
is vital for survival,
he's saying.
Because you have--
>> Maintain spaciousness,
did you say?
Maintain spaciousness?
OK.
>> Yeah, he's saying
it's like it's vital.
It's vital for survival.
Otherwise it's like
eating yourself sick.
It's like eating so much
food, you have no more space
to put the food, but you just
keep eating until you die.
But if you don't have
space to put the food,
if you don't maintain
spaciousness,
we're just constantly
taking in, taking in.
But if we're not
expanding, if we're not
present to what we're taking
in, we're not expanding,
we don't have spaciousness.
We're not recycling.
>> What's your opinion
of what we're doing here?
>> In what--
>> In terms of chatting with
you on the flipside and showing
people that you can chat to
your guides, and teachers,
and council members
any time they want to.
Is that a good thing?
>> OK.
Yes, like there's such a push
behind-- when you say, "Is that
a good thing?"
There's such a push behind
like punctuate the yes as
big as you can.
That's what he's expressing.
>> Very good.
All right.
>> Because that
in itself is the--
he says that in itself is
the display of spaciousness.
>> I've seen how all those
diseases can affect people
and felt that.
So to be able to
do anything that
accelerates a treatment
of diseases like that
would be a fantastic thing.
This next research is trying
to fundamentally understand
how the brain works.
And if you understood how
the brain worked better,
that would help you treat
different kinds of personality
disorder, all sorts of different
other diseases associated
with the brain.
>> When Paul Allen passed, we
asked who was there to greet
him--
Dave Duerson and Junior Seau.
They wanted to thank him
for his Brain Institute.
I reached out to Junior's
widow as an experiment
to see if Jennifer could
connect to her husband Junior
without knowing
she was his widow.
>> He was, like, I almost
made it to the finish line.
Thank you.
He said he went and saw people
privately, like doctors,
or did he go see
people for his mind?
I just felt like whatever
he was taking made it worse.
>> Yeah, that's true.
>> OK.
>> Lots of Ambien.
Lots of Ambien.
>> He covered everything.
>> Junior would you show--
>> He had people
covering things.
>> Junior, would you show
Jennifer how you showed up
in our research,
if you don't mind.
And it has to do
with your brain.
>> Show me again?
Oh, wrestling--
or not wrestling.
The-- what was it called?
He just showed me the guy that--
not Microsoft, but
what was it, right?
He showed me that guy.
And he showed me like their
research that they were doing.
>> Correct.
>> Because they know that--
for concussions.
And that that's what
caused all of this.
And that everything because
I'm looking for stuff--
I'm looking fucking everywhere.
And he's like just relax.
I'm still a control freak.
>> Somebody-- the Microsoft
guy-- we were talking to him.
And we were talking
to him about who
greeted him on the other side.
>> Oh, it was him!
>> Yeah, it was him.
>> Oh my god.
Oh my god.
>> Dave Duerson and Junior Seau
came by three times to insist
we tell people that Joe Namath
has cured his CTE by using
hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Hacking the afterlife
as a methodology
may one day help find cures
for illness or climate change
from those no longer
on the planet.
It's worth exploring
the possibility.
>> Number nine.
And when you're ready, number
10, eyes open, wide awake.
Wide awake now.
Number 10, wide awake.
>> So when are you guys
you going to start,
because I've got to
turn the camera on.
>> [LAUGHS] Very funny.
You know what the
most interesting thing
was the inability
to speak at times.
I could tell it was difficult
to shake off what it actually
did to the soul.
>> Yeah?
>> Like it's like--
>> The quote you said was
"It actually burned my soul."
>> Yeah, I said it.
That's how it felt.
>> Yeah.
>> It literally felt like--
>> Like it scorched.
>> Like, yeah, literally
like I had burned inside.
>> Howard passed away
on New Year's Eve 2014.
He was sitting on
the beach in Hawaii
at dawn reflecting on his 61
years of a life well lived.
He's come often to speak
through Jennifer Shaffer.
She said at his memorial,
he was there, Rich, standing
behind you enjoying the show.
>> So what was interesting
when that just happened,
when I saw Prince, then I saw a
picture of Prince and somebody
took it off of a clipboard.
And it was your buddy
Schultz, Howard.
>> OK, Howard.
>> I think it's about his wife--
hold on.
Were you married?
20 years.
>> So Howard, can we
ask you some questions?
Can we ask you some questions
about what's going on?
What is it like for you
to communicate with us?
Like Jennifer and I are
sitting here in her office--
>> Fun.
He says fun.
He's showing me that
it is a vibration.
It's like everybody comes in
certain colors, vibrations,
you name it.
It's all frequencies.
>> All frequencies.
>> So everything vibrates
at a different level,
whether it's the
ocean and mountains.
And so you can
take that frequency
and create your own space.
>> So where do you
hang out, Howard?
Have you created a home?
>> Maui.
>> In Maui.
So it feels like Maui?
>> Well, I said Maui.
He just showed me playing golf.
>> But how much of the
course do you create?
Do you create just one
hole or what's in your view
or do you create all--
>> He collaborates.
He creates an awareness
with the frequency.
That if people love
that, they'll come in.
>> What's your handicap?
>> 70?
>> [LAUGHS].
OK.
Very good.
The most I know--
>> If I'm getting this right--
again, it's interpretation.
But he's shown me a grid.
So if you had a 3D model
of what you wanted,
he's creating something
that is so spectacular
so other people come.
Like he's able to do it.
He's getting information
from everyone.
He's taking information
from all of the golf courses
and building his own
with help from people
that know how to build.
>> So Howard, so is there
anybody that we mutually know
that you hang out with
or anybody you want me--
>> Luana.
>> Luana?
OK, very good.
Did you ever meet Luana?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
>> No.
>> But you know her there.
Tell me--
>> Yes, because
they both visit you.
>> Well she was a Buddhist who
had trained in the Japanese
school of Buddhism,
SGI, it's called--
Nam Myoho Renge Kyo.
So she's very focused on that.
>> Best thing, she said.
The best thing she ever did.
>> Very good.
It saved her life, I'm sure.
She told me that a few times.
>> And meaning you.
Yeah.
>> And what?
>> Meeting you.
>> Oh, and meeting me.
Oh, thanks, Lu.
I appreciate that.
>> She just threw you a bone.
>> Oh.
>> A real bone.
>> Literally, threw me a bone.
Yeah, that's good.
>> He's a smart aleck.
He's like razzing you.
>> What does he say?
>> He says-- he's like
what are you talking about?
We go way back.
Like when you talk about
aren't you impressed?
Like what are you talking about?
We go way back.
And it's kind of
like where are you?
But he's just kind of like
beating you up, you know how?
>> I know.
That was our relationship.
So I mean, you're looking
at us sitting here
in Hugo's Restaurant in West
Hollywood, what do you see?
>> Like it's about time.
I don't know if you've been
hesitant to talk to him
or open up or something,
but he's like--
he keeps going like this.
>> Did your Grandma
almost couldn't walk?
>> She was old.
She could walk, but she old.
OK?
>> Mommy, your grandma's here.
And she says, "Hi, Jamiela!"
>> What?
>> Your grandma's here,
and she says "Hi, Jamiela!"
>> "Hacking the Afterlife,"
written, directed,
produced by Richard Martini.
[MUSIC PLAYING]